it's about time it's been 20 years since
Sono started making products and the
most requested product throughout that
whole time has been headphones now you
can take your Sonos music on the go on
the bus out of your home without looking
like a weirdo who's carrying a soundbar
on city transit for some reason Sonos
sponsored this video for us to look at
and react to the new Sonos Ace you
trying to be the king but the ace is
back it's my favorite um line from Dr
Dre's The Chronic 2001 because I'm old
we got white we got black both in these
kind of felt hard cases you can
definitely shove this in your bag pretty
low profile
case kind of green on the inside this is
pretty sweet and then the headphones
themselves lightweight they got this
kind of like Dr Mario pill shape to them
the Sonos logo just embossed there on
one of the ear cups black is way more
subdued I'm torn here I feel like the
white ones are impressive but the black
ones are Keepers you know man they look
good when they're like brand new and
clean are they going to fingerprint up
not really a bit but not really all
right we don't need to unbox them both
cuz they're the same but there's a
little CD size sleeve in here USB C Toc
USBC to 3 and 1 12 mil Jack so one USBC
side is going to go to the headphone for
wir Lessing and the other would go to
your device depending on whether you
know you're using a phone which 99% of
them now have USBC or you're going into
something else like maybe you have one
of those big fat MP3 players that are
$1,000 check out my unboxing and then
there's some literature please help
power on the ace scan the code to get
the app and some quick
controls wow they have this single
button that does a lot we will look at
that in a bit pretty compact experience
now to take a physical tour of the
headphones themselves and really I have
to choose at this point I think for ease
of just visibility so you guys can see
what I'm talking about I'm going to go
with white but I'll always love you okay
first thing caliper pressure these feel
very
springy they don't feel too tight and I
don't feel like they're being stretched
out at all for my kind of medium head I
can tell a and C's on already that's
pretty cool now they have a kind of
continuous as opposed to ratcheting
adjustment here and they go to this big
so if your head is this this
big they'll fit you
usually I go to like three clicks into a
headphone here I'm almost at the bottom
not quite but they are quite light and
they're they're on their at all right
amount this
amount and they have cushy PU leather
memory foam it's this much
memory and this much on the top the top
I think is really important cuz if a
headband starts digging in after an hour
that's just that's just the nail and the
coffin I often have a problem where my
ears particularly this ear might touch
the actual driver in here I don't know
it sticks out a bit I guess if that
happens it's toast I can't use those
headphones not a problem for me on these
the ear cups are sufficiently deep
they're this deep oh look at that whoa
that is cool I've seen ear cups that pop
off before but these actually have like
this very fine mesh here that's part of
the ear cup and you can see there's
actually an L in this ear cup to
indicate it's left and the other one not
only has an R but it's green so just
that is a very subtle way but an
immediate way to know which way to
orient the headphones when you put them
on and you know it's good to see that
these are replaceable this is always
going to be the thing that fails first
on your headphon so I assume they'll be
selling these sold separately so to
increase the longevity of your device
you can see there's a sensor in here
this thing has eight different
microphones that's going to help beam
forming make you sound good it has
cancellation of the ambient noise around
you so people can hear you clearly we'll
show you guys that in a bit for buttons
we got a
tactile onoff button a
tactile toggle between a and c and aware
mode and then another tactile ooh little
springy switchy guy called the content
key I noticed that they're all different
shapes the power button is a little
rectangle over here thec toggle is round
and then the content key is is like a a
pill-shaped and a switch so it's very
easy to figure out what you're touching
at any given moment all right time to
try them on and hear
them we're using black for that okay
they're on I'm going to use this button
to toggle thec and see if the hum from
this big electrical Transformer in this
industrial building turns
off I'm in a void it's absolutely gone
and it has a little sound toggle when
you when you switch it it's
like which is cool cuz I have other
earphones that a little voice comes on
it goes like a andc on a and that's just
kind of annoying sweet action all right
let's getc on and listen to music all
right so looks like I can sign into this
app or just add headphones without
signing in I dig that now as I
understand it this app was recently
redesigned to accommodate the use of the
headphones cuz they wanted a unified app
that had the headphones and all their
sound bars and everything which meant
that they had to change the app that
people have been using for years and the
new new app is different and also does
not include some of the features that
the previous app has Bluetooth iPhone I
mean why would it tell me but you know
what you can connect this thing to two
devices at once so it's nice to have a
little indicator there we got head trck
I'm going to keep that off for now the
EQ oh you can do balance like you're in
a car that is wacky I never see that
trouble and base just two different
sliders not a lot of resolution there
and what plus or minus five loudness
boost the base and trouble at low
volumes uh that's a good thing to do
because your ears are not very sensitive
to to Bass so usually the quieter the
volume gets the more baseless it sounds
but it's not the music it's your ears
you're the problem uh there's a little
noise control option here where you can
make it that circular button actually
just toggle like a wear mode on and off
you can do all three modes you can say
offs not an option you can say I never
use a wear mode so just toggle noise
cancelling and off I like that I'm going
just going to blindly explore this uh
content button
here so intuitive you hold it down and
it gets quieter and you can hear this
little that is actually a great volume
interface it doesn't matter if your
hands are kind of like sweaty or
whatever it's easy to grab there's like
a lot of kind of grip or friction on
this thing oh when you get to the bottom
it goes like a different sound it's
thoughtful you can click the content
button
that's how you pause it what if I double
tap
it next track triple P triple back so
will it pause if I take him
off no but I did see a setting in the
app so maybe that's relevant here play
and pause pause content you take your
headphones off and resume when you put
them back on that's what I was looking
for and look at this where to answer
you're getting a call just put your
headphones on and answers the phone I
feel like that's something I would turn
on and and then maybe have a bad
experience then turn off forever but for
now yeah
that's pretty good that's pretty good
and pretty quick whoa this base is
really it's like the kick drum is like
this big just the Baton just slapping it
and they got no pillows in there I think
base people will like these I think if
you like Sono sounds you'll probably
like these if you like apple type sound
you'll probably like these you can
actually stream audio losslessly via
Bluetooth or via the cable let's see
what the graphs say we got some
frequency response graphs here from
headphones.com thank you guys for
helping us out with the testing you can
see the dotted line is our Target curve
and then the color lines are the actual
measured performance bit of a
pronouncement in the bass particularly
like the higher base you know around 100
htz usually a crossover especially in
the home theater world the crossover
from your base to your other speakers is
about 80 HZ so right in that kind of
crossover zone is where it's more
pronounced here bit of a mix bag in the
mid-range here from 100 to 800 and then
in the treble it tracks pretty closely
around 3K but then around 6 7K it's a a
little bit bright and here's some other
graphs if you're interested you
nerds this is what the mic sounds like
there's not a lot of ambient noise in
here right now but I'm going to turn on
this YouTube video of construction sight
sound effects and Ambience drilling
Jackhammer metal hammering
soundscape you can find anything on
YouTube just amazing
um hi thank you for joining this call
I'm sorry I was just couple minutes late
my last meeting went long how was that
you tell me you be the judge now I want
to watch some premium content on YouTube
because you could use these for not just
music you know in fact you can connect
these to your home system so that
anything that would have been routed
through your select Sono Soundbar like a
Sonos Arc will actually just get
transmitted right to here for secret
viewing at nighttime for
example there's lonus you know knowing
lonus in person I can say that this
sounds like lonus anyways these of
course support
Bluetooth Bluetooth 5.4 Dolby Atmos
Dolby audio for wearables and head
tracking head tracking you know the
source of your sound is here and when
you turn your head like this you hear it
more here and then you hear more here
and it's more like you're watching TV
some people really like it anyways
battery life claims on these things are
pretty crazy 30 hours of battery life
that's mixed use with ANC on you can
charge 3 hours of playback in just 3
minutes we actually did some battery
testing ourselves and we have results
that are not very far off those claims
so respect 450 bucks for these These are
available starting June 5th so you can
pre-order Now using our link uh thanks
for watching and thanks to Sonos for
sponsoring this video bye-bye